Metadata-Version: 2.1
Name: sn-libraries
Version: 0.1.0
Summary: A set of Python libraries for automating Facebook and Instagram functions.
Home-page: https://github.com/MLSN007/sn-libraries
Author: MLSN007
Author-email: your.email@example.com
License: MIT
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Classifier: Development Status :: 3 - Alpha
Requires-Python: >=3.7
Description-Content-Type: text/markdown
Requires-Dist: facebook-sdk~=3.1.0
Requires-Dist: instagrapi~=2.1.2
Requires-Dist: hikerapi
Requires-Dist: requests
Requires-Dist: beautifulsoup4~=4.12.3
Provides-Extra: dev
Requires-Dist: pytest; extra == "dev"
Requires-Dist: coverage; extra == "dev"

SN Libraries - Automate Your Social Media Workflow
This set of Python libraries empowers you to interact with Facebook and Instagram programmatically. Whether you need to fetch data, analyze insights, or automate posting and engagement, these libraries have you covered.

Features:

Facebook:
Connect to the Facebook Graph API to manage pages and posts.
Fetch comments, likes, and shares for in-depth analysis.
Publish text posts and photos seamlessly.
Retrieve information about groups and pages.
Instagram:
Authenticate with Instagram and manage user sessions.
Upload photos, videos, reels, and albums to your feed or story.
Fetch user information and followers.
Automate interactions like following other users.
Getting Started:

Install:

Bash
pip install sn-libraries
Use code with caution.
content_copy
Configure:

Set up your API keys and credentials in environment variables or a configuration file.
Refer to the library-specific documentation for detailed instructions.
Start Automating! Explore the features and methods provided by the libraries to build your own custom automation scripts.

Documentation:

Detailed documentation and usage examples for each library can be found in the docs directory.

Contributing:

We welcome contributions! Please check out our CONTRIBUTING.md guidelines for more information.

License:

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Disclaimer:

Use this library responsibly and within the terms of service of the respective platforms. We are not affiliated with Facebook or Instagram.
